this is video from the village of uif
south of Nabis in the center of the
occupied West Bank where soldiers
detained at least three Palestinians
israeli's military also set up
checkpoints at a number of other
Villages and interrogated Palestinians
driving through Israel has detained an
average of 60 people every night and
killed nearly 290 Palestinians in the
occupied West Bank since
October Israeli forces have endered
their most intense raid in the occupied
West Bank since the War Began the
incursion in Janine started on Tuesday
morning nearly 500 people have been
arrested and at least 12 Palestinians
killed ABD Hamid joins us live from
Janine in the occupied West Bank and so
the raid after 60 hours is finally over
what's been the Fallout
there well certainly the Army has
announced that this raid was over uh
last night well the Fallout here as we
were driving in uh this is a desolate
City
everything is shut down I'm just going
to move out of the picture here so just
you can see this is a place where the
Israeli soldiers were stationed you can
see on that wall they uh drew the Star
of David the symbol of uh Israel and
next to it a minora but also look at the
wider picture here you see this is the
entrance of the refugee camp here in uh
in Janine you can see how the
infrastructure the roads have been
destroyed that is sewage water that
you're seeing uh we spoke to some people
here telling us about how the bulldozers
were the first ones to go in and in
their wake they break uh everything some
some to pave the road for the armored
vehicles to go in but also to destroy
the infrastructure to make people's life
here very difficult um people are saying
that this was the longest raid but since
October 7th the Israeli Army was at
least two dozen times here in Janine
mainly fol focusing on the refugee camp
in their house to
14,000 uh people as you mentioned
hundreds have been arrested a good
number of them has also been uh released
after questioning uh but they did say
that they were very badly treated they
were beaten some had to be taken uh
directly uh to the hospital so certainly
now when you ask people well the Army
has announced that it this operation is
finished do you think they will come
back well the answer we got so far is
yes and uh hter as we've heard Jake
Sullivan is due in the occupied West
Bank later there today to meet with abas
what sort of reception is he likely to
receive well I think it's probably going
to be somehow of a cold reception simply
because the Palestinian Authority has
been completely isolated ever since
October 7th yes on one hand the
International Community is engaging with
Mahmud Abbas is discussing the postwar
uh in Gaza situation and scenario with
abas but on the other side we heard the
rethoric coming out of Israel coming out
of prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu
himself who says there's no role for the
uh pa uh in Gaza after this war uh so
those are going to be difficult uh
conversations but I think also Mahmud
Abbas will discuss things like what
happened here in Janine there's
continuous pressure on the Palestinian
uh across the occupied B Bank occupied
West Bank rather sorry and the the
thousands that have been detained since
October 7th the bodies of prisoners who
have been withheld there's a whole long
list of complaints that Palestinians
talk to you about every day and probably
Mahmud Abbas will discuss that okay
thanks so much ABD for us there in
Janine